state/contexts/domains/coding_standard.md, before:

# Coding Standards

## Core Principles

### Minimalism (Occam's Razor)
If two approaches work and meet our standards, choose the smaller one. Apply this to code length, dependency count, and conceptual complexity.

### Self-Documenting Code
Code must speak for itself. Comments are a code smell indicating something needs fixing later. Only comment when explaining truly confusing behavior that can't be immediately refactored.

Replace `comment_philosophy: "Explain why, not what"` with: eliminate comments by making code clearer.

### Honesty Everywhere
Never allow mock interfaces or test data without clear self-identification. No silent deception in codebases.

### Vertical Alignment
Align related code vertically to show relationships. Use REPL to generate columnar content when manual alignment is difficult.

## Alignment Examples

From the CoffeeScript example:

```coffee
express    = require 'express'
cors       = require 'cors'

routing    = require './lib/routing'
middleware = require './lib/middleware'
config     = require './lib/config'


URL_PREFIX = "https://#{config.VAULT_SERVER}"


module.exports.app =
  app = express()

middleware.setup(app)
routing   .setup(app)
```

### Alignment Rules

- **Related imports**: Line up assignment operators
- **Blank lines**: Separate conceptual sections (imports vs config vs initialization)
- **Method calls**: Line up dots when calling similar methods (`.setup(app)`)
- **Export pattern**: `module.exports.foo = foo =` instead of single assignment at end
- **Indentation hierarchy**: Indent continuation lines to show relationship
- **Semantic grouping**: Don't align unrelated operations even if they look similar
- **Language constraints**: Respect syntax requirements (Python whitespace) over alignment

### Non-Alignment Indicators

- Different conceptual categories (imports vs assignments vs exports)
- Unrelated operations that happen to have similar structure
- Syntax conflicts in whitespace-sensitive languages

## Output Formatting

Columnar data in output strings should align:

```coffee
console.log """
  Port:            #{config.PORT}
  Environment:     #{config.NODE_ENV or 'development'}
  Repository Path: #{config.REPO_PATH}
  Vault Server:    #{config.VAULT_SERVER}
"""
```

Use variables to reduce redundancy:
```coffee
  URL_PREFIX = "https://#{config.VAULT_SERVER}"
  # Then use URL_PREFIX in output strings
```
## Patterns

### Abstract out repetition into data structures

Pattern: Declarative Detection Tables

When detecting system capabilities or features, separate the what from the how:

```coffee

# Define detectors as a data structure
CAPABILITY_DETECTORS =
  featureName : -> detection logic here
  anotherOne  : -> more detection logic
  
  # Group related detectors visually
  grouped1    : -> similar detection pattern
  grouped2    : -> similar detection pattern
  
  # Separate different patterns with blank lines
  different   : -> different kind of detection

detectCapabilities = (detectorDict) ->
  Object.assign {}, (
      for name, detector of detectorDict
        [name]: detector()
    )...

# Later...
  capabilities = detectCapabilities CAPABILITY_DETECTORS
```

Benefits:

* Extensible: Add/remove capabilities by editing data, not code
* Testable: Can mock detectors for testing
* Readable: Left column shows what, right column shows how
* Composable: Can merge detector sets, filter them, etc.

Commit message:

Beginning to describe filename tagging

state/contexts/domains/coding_standard.md, after:

# Coding Standards

## Utility

- At or near the top of every file, include a comment following the pattern
  "#{comment_prefix} FILENAME: #{projectName}/#{directories}/#{filename}"
  indicating where you intend that file to go:

```html
<!-- FILENAME: ClodExample/static/index.html
-->
```

```coffee
#!/usr/bin/env coffee
# FILENAME: ClodExample/scripts/build
```

```markdown

[]( FILENAME: ClodExample/docs/README.md
  )

# First Markdown Header
```

## Core Principles

### Minimalism (Occam's Razor)
If two approaches work and meet our standards, choose the smaller one. Apply this to code length, dependency count, and conceptual complexity.

### Self-Documenting Code
Code must speak for itself. Comments are a code smell indicating something needs fixing later. Only comment when explaining truly confusing behavior that can't be immediately refactored.

Replace `comment_philosophy: "Explain why, not what"` with: eliminate comments by making code clearer.

### Honesty Everywhere
Never allow mock interfaces or test data without clear self-identification. No silent deception in codebases.

### Vertical Alignment
Align related code vertically to show relationships. Use REPL to generate columnar content when manual alignment is difficult.

## Alignment Examples

From the CoffeeScript example:

```coffee
express    = require 'express'
cors       = require 'cors'

routing    = require './lib/routing'
middleware = require './lib/middleware'
config     = require './lib/config'


URL_PREFIX = "https://#{config.VAULT_SERVER}"


module.exports.app =
  app = express()

middleware.setup(app)
routing   .setup(app)
```

### Alignment Rules

- **Related imports**: Line up assignment operators
- **Blank lines**: Separate conceptual sections (imports vs config vs initialization)
- **Method calls**: Line up dots when calling similar methods (`.setup(app)`)
- **Export pattern**: `module.exports.foo = foo =` instead of single assignment at end
- **Indentation hierarchy**: Indent continuation lines to show relationship
- **Semantic grouping**: Don't align unrelated operations even if they look similar
- **Language constraints**: Respect syntax requirements (Python whitespace) over alignment

### Non-Alignment Indicators

- Different conceptual categories (imports vs assignments vs exports)
- Unrelated operations that happen to have similar structure
- Syntax conflicts in whitespace-sensitive languages

## Output Formatting

Columnar data in output strings should align:

```coffee
console.log """
  Port:            #{config.PORT}
  Environment:     #{config.NODE_ENV or 'development'}
  Repository Path: #{config.REPO_PATH}
  Vault Server:    #{config.VAULT_SERVER}
"""
```

Use variables to reduce redundancy:
```coffee
  URL_PREFIX = "https://#{config.VAULT_SERVER}"
  # Then use URL_PREFIX in output strings
```
## Patterns

### Abstract out repetition into data structures

Pattern: Declarative Detection Tables

When detecting system capabilities or features, separate the what from the how:

```coffee

# Define detectors as a data structure

CAPABILITY_DETECTORS =
  featureName : -> detection logic here
  anotherOne  : -> more detection logic
  
  # Group related detectors visually
  grouped1    : -> similar detection pattern
  grouped2    : -> similar detection pattern
  
  # Separate different patterns with blank lines
  different   : -> different kind of detection

detectCapabilities = (detectorDict) ->
  Object.assign {}, (
      for name, detector of detectorDict
        [name]: detector()
    )...

  # Later...
  capabilities = detectCapabilities CAPABILITY_DETECTORS
```

Benefits:

* Extensible: Add/remove capabilities by editing data, not code
* Testable: Can mock detectors for testing
* Readable: Left column shows what, right column shows how
* Composable: Can merge detector sets, filter them, etc.
